Add a doc about using Avo alongside existing tracking (#608)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/avo-and-existing-tracking.mdx

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'Avo Functions alongside existing tracking'
---

import Link from '../../components/Link';

> You can safely keep raw tracking calls in your code when adopting Avo codegen. In this case we recommend to migrate gradually, following 2 steps below.

Reviewer: Should we stick to the _Functions_ branding here? 
```suggestion
You can safely keep raw tracking calls in your code when adopting Avo Functions. In this case we recommend to migrate gradually, following 2 steps below.
```

### 1. Start implementing all new tracking with Avo Functions.

> To do this you'd mark the new events you want to implement with Avo as "Implement with Avo" in the Avo workspace and they will appear as functions in the generated code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mark the new events you want to implement with Avo as "Implement with Avo" in the Avo workspace and they will appear as functions in the generated code.
```

<center>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/best-practices/avo-functions-alongside-existing-tracking/implement-with-avo-example.png')}
    width="75%"
    alt="Implement with Avo checkbox example"
  />
</center>

> Then you'd init the Avo functions with a  <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations#destination-interface-callback-methods"><a>destination interface</a></Link> as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiate the Avo functions with a  <Link passHref href="/implementation/destinations#destination-interface-callback-methods"><a>destination interface</a></Link>.
```

> In the track methods of the destination interface (logEvent, identify etc.) you'd use your existing tracking SDK instance to track events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the track methods of the destination interface (logEvent, identify etc.) you use your existing tracking SDK instance to track events:
```

```pseudocode
logEvent(eventName, eventProperties) {
    // Log event in your destination
    analytics.track(eventName, eventProperties)
}
```

> With this one time setup the events you track with Avo functions will be sent to the same analytics destinations as your existing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this one time setup the events you track with Avo Functions will be sent to the same analytics destinations as your existing events.
```

### 2. Migrate you existing implementation to Avo

Going forward you'll be able to gradually swap old events implemented with raw analytics SDK with Avo implementation at your own pace by:

- Marking more events as "Implement with Avo"
- Pulling the Avo code 

> - Replacing existing SDK call with a call your generated Avo Functions

Author: ```suggestion
- Replacing existing SDK calls with calls of the generated Avo Functions
```

> Going forward you'll be able to gradually swap old events implemented with raw analytics SDK with Avo implementation at your own pace by
> 
> - marking more events as "Implement with Avo"
> - pulling the Avo code 
> - replacing existing SDK call with a call to Avo function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Going forward you'll be able to gradually swap old events implemented with raw analytics SDK with Avo implementation at your own pace by:

- Marking more events as "Implement with Avo"
- Pulling the Avo code 
- Replacing existing SDK call with a call your generated Avo Functions
```
